What's your trouble?
Is something wrong with you?
Let me take you to the hospital
Yeah.
I may have been drinking too much.
patient appears
Get a good night's sleep
You have to lose when you wake up
The doctor said I'm fine
No infusion
That won't work.
You are my wife
You can't have anything wrong.
Come be careful
Mr. Shen is really as you expected
Miss Jiang is a medicine for being scared
The strange thing is
The medicine he grows is the same as the one you grew three years ago
Three years ago, the Kim family tried to plot against me and I got rid of it
But they refused to admit to the drug
Xiao Guo
Let's find out what happened three years ago
Double check
And find someone to keep an eye on the Bai family
Bai Family, do you suspect white sex?
That's impossible.
Three years ago, he was willing to save you innocently
Teaching you last night gave me a very familiar feeling
Much like the woman from three years ago
Nothing is absolute
Remember before things are investigated clearly
It's really important to keep a low profile
Good to post what you photographed online
Good publicity for this talented designer
I stole your credit three years before the funeral
3 years later, you still want to be with Amo
get involved